my father bought you along with a piece
of land not fit enough for a cow to
graze upon you will remain indoors with
your prayer book I like the fresh air I
like being outside
get off your nightdress take it off face
the wall face the wall
[Music]
where's my husband gone a weird to do
what nothing for you to concern yourself
with you'll be on your own for a while
[Music]
you must be anticipating the return of
your husband
I must it is not good to be without
company for too long I think I lost
I understand you've been taking the air
lately perhaps a little more time spend
indoors will do
do you love me of course do you don't
through hell and high water I will
follow you here home you've acted so
very shameless laid the soul very
stupidly you will never see that man
again
we did so that we could be together here
you did it for us
we did it where's your husband in town
you've heard nothing from him not a word
given mr. Lester's recent demise my
husband is not to see Caesar so he is
missing but presumed dead
[Music]
to the cross to the cruising to the
grave to the sky I draw the stuff you
breathe through nothing